Replace deprecated update guidance (#8420)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/rooms-operations.md

By default, Microsoft Teams Rooms attempts to connect to the Windows Store to get the latest version of Microsoft Teams Rooms software. Therefore, Teams Rooms requires regular internet access. Before contacting Microsoft with support issues, be sure Microsoft Teams Rooms is loaded with the latest version of the app.
  
Microsoft Teams Rooms connects to Windows Update to retrieve operating system and peripheral device firmware updates.
 

> If you must manage updates manually and are also unable to follow the normal procedure for [Microsoft Store for Business](https://businessstore.microsoft.com/store) to [Distribute offline apps](/microsoft-store/distribute-offline-apps), you can acquire MTR-Update packages to perform app updates on supported OSes. The MTR-Update release may lag behind the store release, and might not always match the latest available build. Refer to the article [Manually Update a Microsoft Teams Rooms device](manual-update.md) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you must manage updates manually and are also unable to follow the normal procedure for [Microsoft Store for Business](https://businessstore.microsoft.com/store) to [Distribute offline apps](/microsoft-store/distribute-offline-apps), you can acquire MTR-Update packages to perform app updates on supported operating systems. The MTR-Update release may lag behind the store release, and might not always match the latest available build. Refer to the article [Manually Update a Microsoft Teams Rooms device](manual-update.md) for further details.
```
